In this video you're going learn how you can very cheaply get likes for your Facebook page using the
custom audiences that you've created.
Now you want to get links for your Facebook page simply because it's much easier to convert people to
like your Facebook page into paying customers.
They've already taken that step towards liking your brand and they will continue to get relevant content
in their news feed which helps to build that trust relationship over time.
The key to getting a cheap Page Likes unreal like the costs that I'm getting here thirty three Europe
or sense euros per page like you can see.
I got 46 here yesterday for this particular campaign.
And the key to getting these results and not just getting Page Likes from people who are not related
to your business is actually using a particular type of audience and putting those custom audiences
that you've created to work.
So right now you can see it because we're looking at the ad reports on the campaign level.
But let's go down to the onsets level and this is really where the magic is happening.
So you can see that I'm using three different custom audiences in this campaign.
The first one is the Web site because the audience is people who visited my web site in the last 365
days yesterday this performed the best providing 18 page likes for a total cost of twenty eight cents
euros per page like the second audience is the page engagement custom audience.
People have like or engage in my Facebook page but not necessarily like this 17 page likes 30 cents
a page to make fun of the audience their e-mail is custom audience and Page Likes and forty five cents
per page.
Like so I have constructed this campaign to really test these different audiences against each other.
I really want to understand which one is performing the best are people who visit my website more likely
to convert and give me a page like them people who are on my e-mail list and looking at this data from
yesterday the answer would definitely be yes.
So if I wanted to move forward and have this campaign running continuously put a small budget on it.
Maybe I know now that the best way and the most efficient way that I could spend that money in budget
would be to focus only on one audience.
The Web site custom audiences because they are delivering most of the results based on this data now
as well as testing different audiences.
What I've also done in this campaign is to test different routes.
So if I move then once again into the next level I have changed the copy for a couple of these and I
really want to understand which one is going to perform the best.
So let's open up the top one here to have a look at the copy that I've written so I have for this one
put in like this page to get student stories on the latest marketing tips new newsfeeds So I'm putting
at the start of this model like this page being very specific and clear on the call to action and exactly
what I want people to do then showing and giving a reason why they should do that.
Now let's move down to the second best performing ad which I think is going to be the same Like this
page now coming down.
Again I can see the other message that I'm testing which is connect to fellow students share your projects
and get feedback from the community so you can see that this copy here although it's the exact same
image does not have that really specific call to action at the start is more leaving with the benefits
says connect.
It doesn't say like this page so I was interested to see which one performed better based on what I'm
seeing here in my particular case from my audience.
It's much more powerful say like this page at the start and that's delivered more results so quickly
analyzing this campaign I can see that the Web site custom audiences and this particular ad is performing
the best.
And that's a really cool insight to have.
Now that you understand how you can use these custom audiences to get cheap page lights I want to show
you how you can set this up.
I'm walking through the steps so there isn't any confusion.
When are you going to do it for yourself.
So what you want to do to get started is come up to the top right of your odds manager and click on
Create once this loads up then you just want to come down and click on your marketing objective which
is really engagement and specifically page likes next do you want to set the Facebook page that you
want to promote.
So was like whatever the page is there then you want to come down and see like the custom audience that
you want to use.
So just click on the box and you can select custom audience here.
And remember that if you want to set up each customer audience and test it against each other you need
to set up three different sets.
So the way that we do this is we set up one that said once the campaign is light then you can really
duplicate it and you'll come back in and just change this one box because the audience let's finish
this and then I'll really explain in a little bit more detail in terms of location then you just want
to remove this location.
So that you're targeting your web site visitors from all over the world not just restricting it to one
location moving down again you can set the age and gender as languages as you learn to do in the past
and is currently that open so it can really target as many people as possible terms of interests.
I'm going to remove all of these because I don't want to limit my audience further I just want to keep
it to those web site visitors.
And here is a very important part of this whole campaign and this will save you a lot of money.
You want to make sure that you put in connections here and exclude people who already like your Facebook
page.
You don't want to be putting this odd for people to like your page in front of people who already like
your page.
You want to be removing them so make sure that you do this in this connections section.
Moving down again you have the options to edit the placements.
But for a Facebook likes campaign there really is only going to be the right call him and the feeds
so you won't have to add it there in terms of your budget and daily schedule.
Remember that each set has a separate budget so if you want to test three audiences and you want a total
budget to be 15 make sure that you just put in five per cent or whatever the amount that you want to
put in for your campaign.
Shadow once again maybe not run continuously to get started running for a test of a week just to see
how that goes.
He can set that in there come back and make sure that it's just for seven days or whatever you want
it to be and you can confirm that really underneath here moving down again you can change any of these
if you want but it's normally just going to be checking that everything is in place and then you want
to name your set and you're best off putting in something like the name of your customer audience so
that you will really remember is when you see it in your campaign so put in 365 days.
Then you just need to select continue.
And now we're down into the odd level for that odd set.
And this is where you select one your page like image is going to look like now by default they will
pull the cover from your Facebook page so you can see it showing up here for me you can change that
if you want to make it simpler using the stock images as well.
And over here in the ad preview you can see a preview whatever you're putting in.
Now in terms of the text you can change this as appropriate.
So like this page perhaps and then some of the benefits and reasons why somebody would do that the headline
for the right columns Well you can edit it as you want and then once you're happy with that you can
see this is really what Iran is going look like and see that big like button which is really the purpose
of the campaign.
Many want to go ahead and place your order.
Now once you have placed your order what you can do is go back to the campaign and start to duplicate
the assets.
So let me show you how to do this.
So for example I come back into the campaign once it's set up you can click here and you can come in
to duplicate set and then all you want to do when that server is set up to come back in.
We want to come back up to the outset level and you can go ahead and just change this.
So remove this Web site custom audience and add in the email list custom audience.
And that's really how it's done.
So that's very very simply how you can set up a page likes campaign using those custom audiences set
up and duplicate the ads that's from the original one.
If you want to test all those other ones against each other.
So now that you know how to set up a page like campaign using the custom audiences you've created.
Go ahead and set it up for yourself following the steps you've learned in this video.